please say hello to the one and only
Jamie
[Applause]
[Music]
I was told not to sit until you for so
long
yeah welcome to my new home it's more
like an air B&B but here we are you got
a you got a lot man she's admit she's
amazing they do so so I heard that
you're rushing off here Oh Missy yeah I
see your daughter baby girl is over with
Jimmy at the live in front of a studio
audience she's doing good times man may
have that go yeah I was always George
Jefferson yep but it was amazing it was
my I messed up yeah was she allowing you
to coach her this time cuz I got it
she's like no dad you messed up don't
tell me anything you know what it's
amazing to see your kid like to grow up
and fit and fulfill the dream and like
she didn't want me to tell her anything
which I thought was doping and you know
I got spies on the set they FaceTime
says she killed her so fingers crossed
man
other daughter she she played sports
right yeah my other two my other dogs
completely different you know she's five
seven and she's 11 years old and she
plays basketball with the boys and last
week she has 16 points 12 rebounds but
you know so she couldn't see completely
different do you help her at all you
coach yeah coach and I and I'm the worst
coach in the world because I'm I get so
excited I'm I'm like literally at
half-court yeah come on come on come on
and and the only reason they don't kick
me off the court is because well I'm
Jamie Foxx so it's like some sort of
inspirational monologue goodness you
know you just nervous you know you
wanted to do great but like literally
the referees are like literally get off
the the ref walked up to me said listen
I love Django but you got to get off
this but is but it's great to see your
daughter like at first she didn't she
didn't like basketball at first but then
this has to do with me I think she hits
the basket to tie the game up to go into
overtime and the crowd went crazy and
she looked at that and then she started
coaching the team the whole night and
then that's when she fell you know she
fell in love it again
one of my other guests tonight is from a
show that's my guilty pleasure when I
say guilty pleasure I mean I ride in my
car and walking on my iPad do you have
any shows like that that you watch do is
I'm addicted to sports it's crazy like
I'm addicted to like ESPN and I don't
know like Steven Naismith who just
constantly bust my balls about my Dallas
Cowboys and things like that so I you
know it's funny watch the Steven
Naismith Hotel des I'm I'm texting him
and he'll actually well actually he'll
actually say what he said first of all
Jamie Foxx just texted me Jamie's just
died over there with the damn cowboy
like it's the devil so so uh like I
think ESPN is like every guy's dream I
think that's my own thing yeah
interesting it's not my dream watch ESPN
that's really interesting person this
was a leading question cuz I thought you
might say the masked singer because the
message oh yes because I was pretty
convinced on this in tight we've been on
a press tour together I was pretty
convinced you were unavailable for it
because you were on the massing of this
whole time that was the conspiracy
theory that I had started listen man you
never know but I'll tell you everybody
thinks I'm on the mashing I'll be on
I'll be in traffic people pulling me
over yell fast come on down let me know
that come on Doc I know you the man sing
it out even my mom died are you the
master
you know me since I got $200 on this
sorry mess it up but that's you never
know man you never know whatever no do
you know I actually do know but I'm I'm
sworn to secrecy would you ever do it I
don't know
you turn it out y'all part of my ploy to
point it on you and really in me I'm mr.
long yeah we under create you could
change the words to a hot song I'm I'm
breed to do whatever I want in the old
time
[Applause]
turns out there have money on on Jamie
Foxx being mr. Fox look look I love that
show in it and I do think that there's
gonna be a big surprise in the next few
days so just stay tuned oh I can't wait
I can't wait to be right about this more
with Jamie Foxx when we come back you
know what you into down here do you
think all the fancy words gonna get you
somewhere around here now Bevin all they
gonna do is eat you alive and spit you
out just like every other black man they
do gonna step out of line you come on
here with them fancy suits talkin all
wipe these people don't give a damn
about that don't let suit they want to
see it in isn't some guy got on just
everyone I could see how that'd be hard
I don't know you don't you rich boy from
Harvey you don't know what it is down
here you get it from the moment you're
born
as well see McMillan and Bryan Susan
says yes so this film is about a subject
matter that is you know not easy to talk
about but it's it's a true story and
it's it's absolutely stunning
performances by both of you
first of all I thank you for that and I
thank Michael B Jordan for taking a
movie like this he started that
narrative in Fruitvale station and then
on to kill monger and black panther net
- this beautiful story about a man who's
wrongly accused of killing someone in
Alabama and they put him on death row
without a trial and he's there for six
years and all of a sudden an angel walks
in in the form of Bryan Stevenson played
wonderfully by Michael B Jordan and they
they take on this this incredible
journey and they do something that no
one ever thought would happen it's the
first overturned death row sentence and
in Alabama
[Music]
[Applause]
Michael Jordan plays is actually he's a
hero you know he's a hero but a lot of
people don't know about him they're not
familiar with his work
next organization eji of equal justice
it is but I see this is so important is
because he doesn't fatigue when it comes
to these issues when I talk about the
perception of a black man and how he's
already perceived to be guilty of
something you know and I went through
this with my father my father was a was
the educator for 25 years they put him
in jail for $25 worth of illegal
substance for seven years the very
people that he taught in school he ended
up being next to in prison but they
didn't know that that man taught me how
to play tennis taught me how to swim
tell me I throw a football so I was
familiar with having that type of of
sunken as' in an innocence so when I put
that skin on of Walter McMillian out it
was easy for me to get to it and at the
same time the brilliance of Bryan
Stevenson and I will tell you this when
you hear this man speak when you hear
what he does every day you will be moved
to do something about it and what's
great about this film is that they
tested this film in front of all black
audience and we tested it in 97 and we
of course we we hope that but then when
they tested in front of our all-white
audience they tested out of 98 so I
think it's a story of humanity and
something that we can all rally around
and I hope
I hope that Brian Stevenson becomes a
household name oh well it's it's yes I
think we actually have the opportunity
tonight to help do that ladies and
gentlemen a person who I'm telling you
right now he's gonna change your life
he's right here
[Applause]
[Music]
nice
Oh Brian thank you for being here or so
grateful so you've been doing this
you've been working with this
organization that you started EJ I have
equal justice initiative for 30 years
now so how many people have you helped
successfully uh we have now wand
reversals release or relief for 140
people on death row but I'm so excited
about the film and what you both have
allowed us to do because I've been going
to jails I've been going to prisons I've
been standing next to the accused the
poor the condemned and because of what
you've done through this film now a lot
more people are going to see their
humanity they're going to see their
dignity I think they're going to care
more about what I've been seeing I've
always believed that people saw what I
see they want the same things I want and
we have a system of justice that in too
many places treats you better if you're
rich and guilty than if you're poor and
innocent that's not right and we throw
people away and we condemn people we
treat them unfairly but you both are so
incredible replays of my friend Eva and
Lee and she helps make the point that
you don't have to be a lawyer to be a
person who makes justice to change as
the world and then Jaime's performance
of my client is stunning it's such a
brilliant performance and I'm just so
excited that people will now get to know
a lot of the people I've been working
with who sometimes feel like no one
cares no one sees them that they've
become invisible because they've been
thrown away in these spaces and we've
got thousands of innocent people in our
jails and prisons and I hope this film
inspires people to want to do something
about that and change our system yes so
for both of you what do you hope that
the film will impact in some way to what
do you hope people will get out of it or
what the call to action is you know for
me it's it's that that they will do more
I mean we have the opportunity in this
country we have the highest rate of
incarceration in the world a lot of
people don't know that millions of
people in jails in prisons and a lot of
them are not a threat to public safety
we've done some things that I hope we
can change
I don't think addiction and dependency
makes you a criminal I think it makes
you
someone with a health problem we need a
healthcare response to that and there
are so many people who have been treated
unfairly that I hope people will walk
out of the theater and they'll not only
learn more but do more and we can all
vote voting is key to the kind of
justice we have in this country we can
get involved in working with people
coming out of jails in prisons we can
begin to learn things about our
communities most people in America don't
know who their prosecutor is and if you
don't know who that person is you can't
actually ask questions that will allow
them to be more just and in Walter
McMillan's case Michael B who's a
brilliant in this film brilliant and and
not only that but Michael B is kind of
ripped and you know he was so committed
to doing everything exactly right he
wanted to be authentic in every way I
kept saying to him I want that but when
it comes to the body you can keep the
Black Panther
it's it's an amazing performance but he
goes to the prosecutor and says look
here's the evidence of innocence and the
prosecutor doesn't respond to that and
we have to make sure that the people who
represent us in these systems are
accountable and do the things that they
need to do to advance justice thank you
so much we're just so grateful to you
just mercy it opens in select theaters
on Christmas Day and everywhere January
10th Jamie Foxx in Bryan I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season buy
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and illustrated it all the money I make
most to children's hospitals across the
country so you know what to do